//se debe agregar columna id.
//Copiar los headers y remplazar ";" por "    varchar,\n"


DROP TABLE IF EXISTS casen;

CREATE TABLE casen(id    varchar, 
folio    varchar, 
o    varchar, 
id_vivienda    varchar, 
hogar    varchar, 
region    varchar, 
provincia    varchar, 
comuna    varchar, 
zona    varchar, 
expr    varchar, 
expc    varchar, 
expr_div    varchar, 
varstrat    varchar, 
varunit    varchar, 
fecha_dia    varchar, 
fecha_mes    varchar, 
fecha_año    varchar, 
tot_hog    varchar, 
tot_per    varchar, 
tot_par    varchar, 
tot_nuc    varchar, 
pres    varchar, 
marca    varchar, 
pco1    varchar, 
sexo    varchar, 
edad    varchar, 
h4m    varchar, 
h4a    varchar, 
ecivil    varchar, 
h6l    varchar, 
h6h    varchar, 
pareja    varchar, 
nucleo    varchar, 
pco2    varchar, 
h9a    varchar, 
h9a_esp    varchar, 
h9    varchar, 
h10a    varchar, 
h10b    varchar, 
h10c    varchar, 
h10d    varchar, 
h10e    varchar, 
h10f    varchar, 
e1    varchar, 
e2    varchar, 
e3    varchar, 
e4    varchar, 
e4_esp    varchar, 
e5a    varchar, 
e5a_esp    varchar, 
e5b    varchar, 
e6a    varchar, 
e6b    varchar, 
e7    varchar, 
e7_subarea    varchar, 
e7_cod_area    varchar, 
e8    varchar, 
e9nom    varchar, 
e9dir    varchar, 
e9com    varchar, 
e9com_c_cod    varchar, 
e9com_p_cod    varchar, 
e9rbd    varchar, 
e9rbd_sup    varchar, 
e9depen    varchar, 
e9dv    varchar, 
e9te    varchar, 
e9sup_g    varchar, 
e10    varchar, 
e11    varchar, 
e12a    varchar, 
e12b    varchar, 
e12c    varchar, 
e12d    varchar, 
e12e    varchar, 
e13a    varchar, 
e13b1    varchar, 
e13b1_esp    varchar, 
e13b2    varchar, 
e13b2_esp    varchar, 
e14pbu    varchar, 
e14pbt    varchar, 
e14pbd    varchar, 
e14pbm    varchar, 
e14bu    varchar, 
e14bt    varchar, 
e14bd    varchar, 
e14bm    varchar, 
e14bpc    varchar, 
e14mu    varchar, 
e14mt    varchar, 
e14md    varchar, 
e14mm    varchar, 
e15a    varchar, 
e15b    varchar, 
e16    varchar, 
e17    varchar, 
e18a    varchar, 
e18b    varchar, 
e19_1    varchar, 
e19_2    varchar, 
e0    varchar, 
o1    varchar, 
o2    varchar, 
o3    varchar, 
o4    varchar, 
o5    varchar, 
o6    varchar, 
o7r1    varchar, 
o7r2    varchar, 
o8    varchar, 
o9a    varchar, 
o9b    varchar, 
oficio4    varchar, 
oficio1    varchar, 
o10    varchar, 
o11    varchar, 
o12    varchar, 
o13    varchar, 
o14    varchar, 
o15    varchar, 
o16    varchar, 
o17    varchar, 
o18    varchar, 
o19    varchar, 
o20    varchar, 
o21    varchar, 
o22    varchar, 
rama4_sub    varchar, 
rama1_sub    varchar, 
rama4    varchar, 
rama1    varchar, 
o23    varchar, 
o24a    varchar, 
o24b    varchar, 
o24c    varchar, 
o24d    varchar, 
o25a_hr    varchar, 
o25a_min    varchar, 
o25b    varchar, 
o25c    varchar, 
o25c_esp    varchar, 
o25d    varchar, 
o25e    varchar, 
o26    varchar, 
o27    varchar, 
o28    varchar, 
o29    varchar, 
o29_esp    varchar, 
o30    varchar, 
o0    varchar, 
ch1    varchar, 
y1    varchar, 
y2_dias    varchar, 
y2_hrs    varchar, 
y3a    varchar, 
y3ap    varchar, 
y3b    varchar, 
y3bp    varchar, 
y3c    varchar, 
y3cp    varchar, 
y3d    varchar, 
y3dp    varchar, 
y3e    varchar, 
y3ep    varchar, 
y3f    varchar, 
y3fp    varchar, 
y3f_esp    varchar, 
y4a    varchar, 
y4b    varchar, 
y4c    varchar, 
y4d    varchar, 
y4d_esp    varchar, 
y5a    varchar, 
y5b    varchar, 
y5c    varchar, 
y5d    varchar, 
y5e    varchar, 
y5f    varchar, 
y5g    varchar, 
y5h    varchar, 
y5i    varchar, 
y5j    varchar, 
y5k    varchar, 
y5l    varchar, 
ch2    varchar, 
y6    varchar, 
y7    varchar, 
y8    varchar, 
y9    varchar, 
ch3    varchar, 
y10    varchar, 
y11    varchar, 
y12a    varchar, 
y12b    varchar, 
y13a    varchar, 
y13b    varchar, 
y13c    varchar, 
y14a    varchar, 
y14b    varchar, 
y14c    varchar, 
y15a    varchar, 
y15b    varchar, 
y15c    varchar, 
y16a    varchar, 
y16b    varchar, 
y17    varchar, 
y18a    varchar, 
y18b    varchar, 
y18c    varchar, 
y18d    varchar, 
y18d_esp    varchar, 
y19t    varchar, 
y19n    varchar, 
y20a    varchar, 
y20b    varchar, 
y20c    varchar, 
y20d    varchar, 
y20e    varchar, 
y20amonto    varchar, 
y20bmonto    varchar, 
y20cmonto    varchar, 
y20dmonto    varchar, 
y20emonto    varchar, 
y21a    varchar, 
y21b    varchar, 
y22a    varchar, 
y22b    varchar, 
y22c    varchar, 
y22d    varchar, 
y22e    varchar, 
y22amonto    varchar, 
y22bmonto    varchar, 
y22cmonto    varchar, 
y22dmonto    varchar, 
y22emonto    varchar, 
y23a    varchar, 
y23b    varchar, 
y23c    varchar, 
y23bmonto    varchar, 
y23cmonto    varchar, 
y24    varchar, 
y24_o    varchar, 
y25a    varchar, 
y25b    varchar, 
y25c    varchar, 
y25d    varchar, 
y25amonto    varchar, 
y25bmonto    varchar, 
y25cmonto    varchar, 
y25dmonto    varchar, 
y25e    varchar, 
y25e_o    varchar, 
y25ep    varchar, 
y25f    varchar, 
y25f_o    varchar, 
y25fp    varchar, 
y25g    varchar, 
y25gp    varchar, 
y25g_esp    varchar, 
y26_1a    varchar, 
y26_1b    varchar, 
y26_1c    varchar, 
y26_1d    varchar, 
y26_1e    varchar, 
y26_1f    varchar, 
y26_1g    varchar, 
y26_1h    varchar, 
y26_1i    varchar, 
y26_1j    varchar, 
y26_1jesp    varchar, 
y26_1amonto    varchar, 
y26_1dmonto    varchar, 
y26_2bm1    varchar, 
y26_2bm2    varchar, 
y26_3b_in    varchar, 
y26_4b_mo    varchar, 
y26_2c    varchar, 
y26_3c_in    varchar, 
y26_4c_mo    varchar, 
y26_2em1    varchar, 
y26_2em2    varchar, 
y26_3e_in    varchar, 
y26_4e_mo    varchar, 
y26_2f    varchar, 
y26_3f_in    varchar, 
y26_4f_mo    varchar, 
y26_2g    varchar, 
y26_3g_in    varchar, 
y26_4g_mo    varchar, 
y26_2h    varchar, 
y26_3h_in    varchar, 
y26_4h_mo    varchar, 
y26_2i    varchar, 
y26_2j    varchar, 
y26_3j_in    varchar, 
y26_4j_mo    varchar, 
y27a    varchar, 
y27b    varchar, 
y27c    varchar, 
y27d    varchar, 
y27e    varchar, 
y27f    varchar, 
y27g    varchar, 
y0    varchar, 
s1    varchar, 
s1c    varchar, 
s2a1    varchar, 
s2a2    varchar, 
s3    varchar, 
s4    varchar, 
s5    varchar, 
s6    varchar, 
s7    varchar, 
s8    varchar, 
s9    varchar, 
s10    varchar, 
s11    varchar, 
s12    varchar, 
s13    varchar, 
s13p    varchar, 
s14    varchar, 
s15    varchar, 
s16    varchar, 
s17    varchar, 
s18a    varchar, 
s18b    varchar, 
s18c    varchar, 
s18d    varchar, 
s18e    varchar, 
s19a    varchar, 
s19b    varchar, 
s19c    varchar, 
s20a    varchar, 
s20b    varchar, 
s20c    varchar, 
s21a    varchar, 
s21b    varchar, 
s21c    varchar, 
s22a    varchar, 
s22b    varchar, 
s22c    varchar, 
s23a    varchar, 
s23b    varchar, 
s23c    varchar, 
s24a    varchar, 
s24b    varchar, 
s24c    varchar, 
s25a    varchar, 
s25b    varchar, 
s25c    varchar, 
s26a    varchar, 
s26b_c1    varchar, 
s26b_c2    varchar, 
s26b_c3    varchar, 
s26c    varchar, 
s26d    varchar, 
s27a    varchar, 
s27b    varchar, 
s27c    varchar, 
s27d    varchar, 
s28    varchar, 
s29    varchar, 
s30    varchar, 
s31a1    varchar, 
s31a2    varchar, 
s31a3    varchar, 
s32a    varchar, 
s32b    varchar, 
s32c    varchar, 
s32d    varchar, 
s32e    varchar, 
s32f    varchar, 
s33a1    varchar, 
s33a2    varchar, 
s33b1    varchar, 
s33b2    varchar, 
s33c1    varchar, 
s33c2    varchar, 
s33d1    varchar, 
s33d2    varchar, 
s33e1    varchar, 
s33e2    varchar, 
s33f1    varchar, 
s33f2    varchar, 
s33g1    varchar, 
s33g2    varchar, 
s33h1    varchar, 
s33h2    varchar, 
s33i1    varchar, 
s33i2    varchar, 
s33j1    varchar, 
s33j2    varchar, 
ch4    varchar, 
s34a    varchar, 
s34b_ord    varchar, 
s34c    varchar, 
s0    varchar, 
r1a    varchar, 
r1a_esp    varchar, 
r1a_cod    varchar, 
r1b    varchar, 
r1b_esp    varchar, 
r1b_c_cod    varchar, 
r1b_p_cod    varchar, 
r1c_año    varchar, 
r1cp    varchar, 
r2    varchar, 
r2_esp    varchar, 
r2_c_cod    varchar, 
r2_p_cod    varchar, 
r3    varchar, 
r4    varchar, 
r5    varchar, 
r6    varchar, 
r6_esp    varchar, 
r7a    varchar, 
r7b    varchar, 
r7c    varchar, 
r7d    varchar, 
r7e    varchar, 
r7f    varchar, 
r7g    varchar, 
r7h    varchar, 
r7i    varchar, 
r7j    varchar, 
r7k    varchar, 
r8a    varchar, 
r8b    varchar, 
r8c    varchar, 
r8d    varchar, 
r8e    varchar, 
r8f    varchar, 
r8g    varchar, 
r8h    varchar, 
r9a    varchar, 
r9b    varchar, 
r9c    varchar, 
r9d    varchar, 
r9e    varchar, 
r9f    varchar, 
r9g    varchar, 
r9h    varchar, 
r9i    varchar, 
r9j    varchar, 
r9k    varchar, 
r9l    varchar, 
r9m    varchar, 
r9n    varchar, 
r9o    varchar, 
r9p    varchar, 
r9q    varchar, 
r9r    varchar, 
r9r_esp    varchar, 
r9s    varchar, 
r10a    varchar, 
r10b    varchar, 
r10c    varchar, 
r10d    varchar, 
r10e    varchar, 
r10f    varchar, 
r10g    varchar, 
r10h    varchar, 
r10i    varchar, 
r10i_esp    varchar, 
r11    varchar, 
r12a    varchar, 
r12b    varchar, 
r13a    varchar, 
r13b    varchar, 
r14    varchar, 
r15    varchar, 
r16a    varchar, 
r16b    varchar, 
r16c    varchar, 
r16d    varchar, 
r16e    varchar, 
r17a    varchar, 
r17b    varchar, 
r17c    varchar, 
r17d    varchar, 
r18    varchar, 
r19    varchar, 
r20    varchar, 
r21a    varchar, 
r21b    varchar, 
r21c    varchar, 
r21d    varchar, 
r21e    varchar, 
r21f    varchar, 
r21g    varchar, 
r21h    varchar, 
r21i    varchar, 
r21j    varchar, 
r22    varchar, 
r23    varchar, 
r23_esp    varchar, 
r24    varchar, 
r24_esp    varchar, 
r0    varchar, 
v1    varchar, 
v2    varchar, 
v3    varchar, 
v4    varchar, 
v5    varchar, 
v6    varchar, 
v7    varchar, 
v8    varchar, 
v9    varchar, 
v10    varchar, 
v11_o1    varchar, 
v11_o2    varchar, 
v12    varchar, 
v12mt    varchar, 
v13    varchar, 
v14    varchar, 
v15    varchar, 
v16    varchar, 
v17    varchar, 
v18    varchar, 
v19    varchar, 
v20    varchar, 
v20_esp    varchar, 
v21    varchar, 
v22    varchar, 
v23    varchar, 
v24    varchar, 
v25    varchar, 
v26    varchar, 
v27a    varchar, 
v27b    varchar, 
v28    varchar, 
v29    varchar, 
v30a    varchar, 
v30b    varchar, 
v31    varchar, 
v31_esp    varchar, 
v32    varchar, 
v32_esp    varchar, 
v33    varchar, 
v34    varchar, 
v34_esp    varchar, 
v35    varchar, 
v35_esp    varchar, 
v36a    varchar, 
v36b    varchar, 
v36c    varchar, 
v37a    varchar, 
v37b    varchar, 
v37c    varchar, 
v37d    varchar, 
v37e    varchar, 
v37f    varchar, 
v37g    varchar, 
v37h    varchar, 
v37i    varchar, 
v38a    varchar, 
v38b    varchar, 
v38c    varchar, 
v38d    varchar, 
v38e    varchar, 
v39a    varchar, 
v39b    varchar, 
v39c    varchar, 
v39d    varchar, 
v39e    varchar, 
v39f    varchar, 
v39g    varchar, 
v40    varchar, 
v40_esp    varchar, 
v0a_1    varchar, 
v0a_2    varchar, 
v0a_3    varchar, 
v0b    varchar, 
y0101    varchar, 
y0301    varchar, 
y0302    varchar, 
y0303    varchar, 
y0304    varchar, 
y0305    varchar, 
y0306    varchar, 
y0401    varchar, 
y0402    varchar, 
y0403    varchar, 
y0404    varchar, 
y0501    varchar, 
y0502    varchar, 
y0503    varchar, 
y0504    varchar, 
y0505    varchar, 
y0506    varchar, 
y0507    varchar, 
y0508    varchar, 
y0509    varchar, 
y0510    varchar, 
y0511    varchar, 
y0512    varchar, 
yids    varchar, 
yosa    varchar, 
yta1    varchar, 
y0701    varchar, 
y0801    varchar, 
y0901    varchar, 
yac2    varchar, 
y1101    varchar, 
yosi    varchar, 
yta2    varchar, 
yre1    varchar, 
yama    varchar, 
yah1    varchar, 
yah2    varchar, 
yrut    varchar, 
yre2    varchar, 
yre3    varchar, 
y260201    varchar, 
y260202    varchar, 
y2603    varchar, 
yinv01    varchar, 
yinv02    varchar, 
yinv03    varchar, 
ymon    varchar, 
yorf    varchar, 
yesp    varchar, 
yotp    varchar, 
y2601    varchar, 
y2604    varchar, 
ymes    varchar, 
yfa1    varchar, 
yfa2    varchar, 
ydes    varchar, 
ydon    varchar, 
ydim    varchar, 
yotr    varchar, 
y2301    varchar, 
y2401    varchar, 
y2501    varchar, 
y2502    varchar, 
y2503    varchar, 
y2504    varchar, 
y2505    varchar, 
y2506    varchar, 
y2507    varchar, 
y2302    varchar, 
y2303    varchar, 
y2001    varchar, 
y2002    varchar, 
y2003    varchar, 
y2004    varchar, 
y2005    varchar, 
y2201    varchar, 
y2202    varchar, 
y2203    varchar, 
y2204    varchar, 
y2205    varchar, 
yfam    varchar, 
ytro    varchar, 
yaut    varchar, 
ysub    varchar, 
ytot    varchar, 
y0101h    varchar, 
y0301h    varchar, 
y0302h    varchar, 
y0303h    varchar, 
y0304h    varchar, 
y0305h    varchar, 
y0306h    varchar, 
y0401h    varchar, 
y0402h    varchar, 
y0403h    varchar, 
y0404h    varchar, 
y0501h    varchar, 
y0502h    varchar, 
y0503h    varchar, 
y0504h    varchar, 
y0505h    varchar, 
y0506h    varchar, 
y0507h    varchar, 
y0508h    varchar, 
y0509h    varchar, 
y0510h    varchar, 
y0511h    varchar, 
y0512h    varchar, 
yosah    varchar, 
ytroh    varchar, 
yta1h    varchar, 
y0701h    varchar, 
y0801h    varchar, 
y0901h    varchar, 
yosih    varchar, 
yta2h    varchar, 
yruth    varchar, 
yac2h    varchar, 
ydesh    varchar, 
yidsh    varchar, 
yotrh    varchar, 
y260201h    varchar, 
y2603h    varchar, 
yinv01h    varchar, 
yinv03h    varchar, 
ymonh    varchar, 
yorfh    varchar, 
yotph    varchar, 
yre1h    varchar, 
yre2h    varchar, 
yre3h    varchar, 
yamah    varchar, 
yah1h    varchar, 
yah2h    varchar, 
ydonh    varchar, 
ymesh    varchar, 
yfa1h    varchar, 
yfa2h    varchar, 
y1101h    varchar, 
ydimh    varchar, 
yfamh    varchar, 
y2001h    varchar, 
y2002h    varchar, 
y2003h    varchar, 
y2004h    varchar, 
y2005h    varchar, 
y2201h    varchar, 
y2202h    varchar, 
y2203h    varchar, 
y2204h    varchar, 
y2205h    varchar, 
y2301h    varchar, 
y2302h    varchar, 
y2303h    varchar, 
y2401h    varchar, 
y2501h    varchar, 
y2502h    varchar, 
y2503h    varchar, 
y2504h    varchar, 
y2505h    varchar, 
y2506h    varchar, 
y2507h    varchar, 
y2601h    varchar, 
y260202h    varchar, 
yinv02h    varchar, 
y2604h    varchar, 
yesph    varchar, 
yauth    varchar, 
ysubh    varchar, 
ytoth    varchar, 
yaimh    varchar, 
ypch    varchar, 
y0101c    varchar, 
y0701c    varchar, 
y260201c    varchar, 
y2603c    varchar, 
y0101ch    varchar, 
y0701ch    varchar, 
y2603ch    varchar, 
y260201ch    varchar, 
yaimcorh    varchar, 
yautcor    varchar, 
ytotcor    varchar, 
yautcorh    varchar, 
ymonecorh    varchar, 
ytotcorh    varchar, 
yoprcor    varchar, 
yoprcorh    varchar, 
ytrabajocor    varchar, 
ytrabajocorh    varchar, 
ypchautcor    varchar, 
ypc    varchar, 
ypchtrabajo    varchar, 
pobreza    varchar, 
dau    varchar, 
dautr    varchar, 
qaut    varchar, 
qautr    varchar, 
numper    varchar, 
asiste    varchar, 
esc    varchar, 
educ    varchar, 
depen    varchar, 
activ    varchar, 
indmat    varchar, 
indsan    varchar, 
calglobviv    varchar, 
iae    varchar, 
iai    varchar, 
hacinamiento    varchar, 
hh_d_asis    varchar, 
hh_d_rez    varchar, 
hh_d_esc    varchar, 
hh_d_mal    varchar, 
hh_d_prevs    varchar, 
hh_d_acc    varchar, 
hh_d_act    varchar, 
hh_d_cot    varchar, 
hh_d_jub    varchar, 
hh_d_habitab    varchar, 
hh_d_hacina    varchar, 
hh_d_estado    varchar, 
hh_d_servbas    varchar, 
hh_d_entorno    varchar, 
hh_d_accesi    varchar, 
hh_d_medio    varchar, 
hh_d_appart    varchar, 
hh_d_tsocial    varchar, 
hh_d_seg    varchar, 
pobreza_multi_4d    varchar, 
pobreza_multi_5d    varchar );

COPY casen(id,folio,o,id_vivienda,hogar,region,provincia,comuna,zona,expr,expc,expr_div,varstrat,varunit,fecha_dia,fecha_mes,fecha_año,tot_hog,tot_per,tot_par,tot_nuc,pres,marca,pco1,sexo,edad,h4m,h4a,ecivil,h6l,h6h,pareja,nucleo,pco2,h9a,h9a_esp,h9,h10a,h10b,h10c,h10d,h10e,h10f,e1,e2,e3,e4,e4_esp,e5a,e5a_esp,e5b,e6a,e6b,e7,e7_subarea,e7_cod_area,e8,e9nom,e9dir,e9com,e9com_c_cod,e9com_p_cod,e9rbd,e9rbd_sup,e9depen,e9dv,e9te,e9sup_g,e10,e11,e12a,e12b,e12c,e12d,e12e,e13a,e13b1,e13b1_esp,e13b2,e13b2_esp,e14pbu,e14pbt,e14pbd,e14pbm,e14bu,e14bt,e14bd,e14bm,e14bpc,e14mu,e14mt,e14md,e14mm,e15a,e15b,e16,e17,e18a,e18b,e19_1,e19_2,e0,o1,o2,o3,o4,o5,o6,o7r1,o7r2,o8,o9a,o9b,oficio4,oficio1,o10,o11,o12,o13,o14,o15,o16,o17,o18,o19,o20,o21,o22,rama4_sub,rama1_sub,rama4,rama1,o23,o24a,o24b,o24c,o24d,o25a_hr,o25a_min,o25b,o25c,o25c_esp,o25d,o25e,o26,o27,o28,o29,o29_esp,o30,o0,ch1,y1,y2_dias,y2_hrs,y3a,y3ap,y3b,y3bp,y3c,y3cp,y3d,y3dp,y3e,y3ep,y3f,y3fp,y3f_esp,y4a,y4b,y4c,y4d,y4d_esp,y5a,y5b,y5c,y5d,y5e,y5f,y5g,y5h,y5i,y5j,y5k,y5l,ch2,y6,y7,y8,y9,ch3,y10,y11,y12a,y12b,y13a,y13b,y13c,y14a,y14b,y14c,y15a,y15b,y15c,y16a,y16b,y17,y18a,y18b,y18c,y18d,y18d_esp,y19t,y19n,y20a,y20b,y20c,y20d,y20e,y20amonto,y20bmonto,y20cmonto,y20dmonto,y20emonto,y21a,y21b,y22a,y22b,y22c,y22d,y22e,y22amonto,y22bmonto,y22cmonto,y22dmonto,y22emonto,y23a,y23b,y23c,y23bmonto,y23cmonto,y24,y24_o,y25a,y25b,y25c,y25d,y25amonto,y25bmonto,y25cmonto,y25dmonto,y25e,y25e_o,y25ep,y25f,y25f_o,y25fp,y25g,y25gp,y25g_esp,y26_1a,y26_1b,y26_1c,y26_1d,y26_1e,y26_1f,y26_1g,y26_1h,y26_1i,y26_1j,y26_1jesp,y26_1amonto,y26_1dmonto,y26_2bm1,y26_2bm2,y26_3b_in,y26_4b_mo,y26_2c,y26_3c_in,y26_4c_mo,y26_2em1,y26_2em2,y26_3e_in,y26_4e_mo,y26_2f,y26_3f_in,y26_4f_mo,y26_2g,y26_3g_in,y26_4g_mo,y26_2h,y26_3h_in,y26_4h_mo,y26_2i,y26_2j,y26_3j_in,y26_4j_mo,y27a,y27b,y27c,y27d,y27e,y27f,y27g,y0,s1,s1c,s2a1,s2a2,s3,s4,s5,s6,s7,s8,s9,s10,s11,s12,s13,s13p,s14,s15,s16,s17,s18a,s18b,s18c,s18d,s18e,s19a,s19b,s19c,s20a,s20b,s20c,s21a,s21b,s21c,s22a,s22b,s22c,s23a,s23b,s23c,s24a,s24b,s24c,s25a,s25b,s25c,s26a,s26b_c1,s26b_c2,s26b_c3,s26c,s26d,s27a,s27b,s27c,s27d,s28,s29,s30,s31a1,s31a2,s31a3,s32a,s32b,s32c,s32d,s32e,s32f,s33a1,s33a2,s33b1,s33b2,s33c1,s33c2,s33d1,s33d2,s33e1,s33e2,s33f1,s33f2,s33g1,s33g2,s33h1,s33h2,s33i1,s33i2,s33j1,s33j2,ch4,s34a,s34b_ord,s34c,s0,r1a,r1a_esp,r1a_cod,r1b,r1b_esp,r1b_c_cod,r1b_p_cod,r1c_año,r1cp,r2,r2_esp,r2_c_cod,r2_p_cod,r3,r4,r5,r6,r6_esp,r7a,r7b,r7c,r7d,r7e,r7f,r7g,r7h,r7i,r7j,r7k,r8a,r8b,r8c,r8d,r8e,r8f,r8g,r8h,r9a,r9b,r9c,r9d,r9e,r9f,r9g,r9h,r9i,r9j,r9k,r9l,r9m,r9n,r9o,r9p,r9q,r9r,r9r_esp,r9s,r10a,r10b,r10c,r10d,r10e,r10f,r10g,r10h,r10i,r10i_esp,r11,r12a,r12b,r13a,r13b,r14,r15,r16a,r16b,r16c,r16d,r16e,r17a,r17b,r17c,r17d,r18,r19,r20,r21a,r21b,r21c,r21d,r21e,r21f,r21g,r21h,r21i,r21j,r22,r23,r23_esp,r24,r24_esp,r0,v1,v2,v3,v4,v5,v6,v7,v8,v9,v10,v11_o1,v11_o2,v12,v12mt,v13,v14,v15,v16,v17,v18,v19,v20,v20_esp,v21,v22,v23,v24,v25,v26,v27a,v27b,v28,v29,v30a,v30b,v31,v31_esp,v32,v32_esp,v33,v34,v34_esp,v35,v35_esp,v36a,v36b,v36c,v37a,v37b,v37c,v37d,v37e,v37f,v37g,v37h,v37i,v38a,v38b,v38c,v38d,v38e,v39a,v39b,v39c,v39d,v39e,v39f,v39g,v40,v40_esp,v0a_1,v0a_2,v0a_3,v0b,y0101,y0301,y0302,y0303,y0304,y0305,y0306,y0401,y0402,y0403,y0404,y0501,y0502,y0503,y0504,y0505,y0506,y0507,y0508,y0509,y0510,y0511,y0512,yids,yosa,yta1,y0701,y0801,y0901,yac2,y1101,yosi,yta2,yre1,yama,yah1,yah2,yrut,yre2,yre3,y260201,y260202,y2603,yinv01,yinv02,yinv03,ymon,yorf,yesp,yotp,y2601,y2604,ymes,yfa1,yfa2,ydes,ydon,ydim,yotr,y2301,y2401,y2501,y2502,y2503,y2504,y2505,y2506,y2507,y2302,y2303,y2001,y2002,y2003,y2004,y2005,y2201,y2202,y2203,y2204,y2205,yfam,ytro,yaut,ysub,ytot,y0101h,y0301h,y0302h,y0303h,y0304h,y0305h,y0306h,y0401h,y0402h,y0403h,y0404h,y0501h,y0502h,y0503h,y0504h,y0505h,y0506h,y0507h,y0508h,y0509h,y0510h,y0511h,y0512h,yosah,ytroh,yta1h,y0701h,y0801h,y0901h,yosih,yta2h,yruth,yac2h,ydesh,yidsh,yotrh,y260201h,y2603h,yinv01h,yinv03h,ymonh,yorfh,yotph,yre1h,yre2h,yre3h,yamah,yah1h,yah2h,ydonh,ymesh,yfa1h,yfa2h,y1101h,ydimh,yfamh,y2001h,y2002h,y2003h,y2004h,y2005h,y2201h,y2202h,y2203h,y2204h,y2205h,y2301h,y2302h,y2303h,y2401h,y2501h,y2502h,y2503h,y2504h,y2505h,y2506h,y2507h,y2601h,y260202h,yinv02h,y2604h,yesph,yauth,ysubh,ytoth,yaimh,ypch,y0101c,y0701c,y260201c,y2603c,y0101ch,y0701ch,y2603ch,y260201ch,yaimcorh,yautcor,ytotcor,yautcorh,ymonecorh,ytotcorh,yoprcor,yoprcorh,ytrabajocor,ytrabajocorh,ypchautcor,ypc,ypchtrabajo,pobreza,dau,dautr,qaut,qautr,numper,asiste,esc,educ,depen,activ,indmat,indsan,calglobviv,iae,iai,hacinamiento,hh_d_asis,hh_d_rez,hh_d_esc,hh_d_mal,hh_d_prevs,hh_d_acc,hh_d_act,hh_d_cot,hh_d_jub,hh_d_habitab,hh_d_hacina,hh_d_estado,hh_d_servbas,hh_d_entorno,hh_d_accesi,hh_d_medio,hh_d_appart,hh_d_tsocial,hh_d_seg,pobreza_multi_4d,pobreza_multi_5d) 
FROM 'C:\Users\Public\casen_gs_2017.csv' DELIMITER ';' CSV HEADER encoding 'windows-1252';

